MDEXP-53 Create documentation for the file upload API (#12)
folio-org/mod-data-export: FileUploadApi.md

# *File Upload API*

## *Introduction*

> The *mod-data-export* is responsible for convention various FOLIO records to MARC format and export them into the given 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *mod-data-export* is responsible for conversion of various FOLIO records(Instance,Holding Items) to MARC format and export them into the given 
```

> The *mod-data-export* is responsible for convention various FOLIO records to MARC format and export them into the given 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *mod-data-export* is responsible for conversion of various FOLIO records(Instance,Holding Items) to MARC format and export them into the given 
```

destination. The list of the FOLIO records can be defined in 2 ways: CSV file with listed identifiers or CQL query. 

This documentation describes the REST API to upload CSV files to the mod-data-export for further processing.

### *FileDefinition*

> File Definition entity describes an upload process of a particular file. The creation of the FileDefinition entity is 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
File Definition schema describes an upload process of a particular file. The creation of the FileDefinition entity is 
```
